Add note about cmake on Ubuntu 20.04 (#2673)
organicmaps/organicmaps: docs/INSTALL.md

Installing *ccache* can speed up active development.

_Ubuntu 20.04:_

```bash

> sudo apt update && sudo apt install -y \

Reviewer: We avoid copy-paste in the documentation and in the code. It will be harder to support it later. If you didn't like my previously proposed approach, then maybe this one will be better:
- Share common instructions for both 20 and 22.
- Add a separate substep "install cmake" with two points: Ubuntu 20 and Ubuntu 22.

> _Ubuntu 20.04, 22.04:_

Reviewer: Let's leave only 22.04 here, and also leave cmake installed in the command below.

    zlib1g-dev
```

> With Ubuntu 22.04, cmake can be installed using `apt` as well:
> 
> ```bash
> apt install cmake
> ```
> 
> For Ubuntu 20.04 though, the version that ships with Ubuntu is too old; [install it manually instead](https://cmake.org/download/).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For earlier versions of Ubuntu the required cmake version can be installed using `sudo snap install cmake`
```

Author: Using snap works, but not if cmake is already installed via apt.

Reviewer: Then add `sudo apt purge cmake`, snap is way easier than manual installation.

Author: See updated PR, this diff is outdated.

    zlib1g-dev
```

> With Ubuntu 22.04, cmake can be installed using `apt` as well:

Reviewer: It's better to have pristine instructions, for 22 cmake can be included in the one-liner above.

```bash
sudo snap install --classic cmake
```

> For Ubuntu 22.04 `cmake` may be installed using `snap` as well, or alternatively by using `apt`:

Author: Optionally, leave this out altogether and just point to `snap` for 22.04 as well.
